Tutorial

--------------------
How to setup the car
--------------------

Make sure your car wheels are separate from the car game model.
Create a rigid body for the car. Make sure the mass is set high (ex: 1000).
Create the wheel colliders for your car wheels. If you don't know how to do this watch a tutorial on youtube on how to create a car in unity.
Go to Window -> CarAI -> Setup car
Drag the car from your scene in the car model field.
Drag all the wheel transforms and the wheel colliders.
You can leave acceleration and breaking thresholds to default.
Add a speed limit to the car (ex: 50). This speed limit will be changed by the checkpoints. The speed is measured in km/h.
Create an empty object and make sure it is a child of the car game object. Place it at the front of the car in the middle and make sure it is placed outside of the car hitbox
but close to it. This empty game object will be used by the ai to detect objects in front of the car and will stop. It ignores triggers.
Drag the empty game object int the check position field.
Press apply.

-------------------------
How to create checkpoints
-------------------------
Go to Window -> CarAI -> Spawn checkpoints
Add a checkpoint speed limit. This speed limit will be applied to the car when it enters the checkpoint.
Add the checkpoint scale. The checkpoints are cubes and you need to set it's scale. (ex: 2, 2, 2)
Press spawn checkpoint.

If you press it again and another checkpoint is selected, a new checkpoint will spawn in the front of that checkpoint. 
If you have Gizmos visiblity on, you will see a red line that connects them. This means that the checkpoints are connected and when the car hits the first checkpoint, 
it will be redirected to the other checkpoint. 
You can connect them manually if you click on the checkpoint and you add another element to the other checkpoints list. You can create
multiple connections to or from a checkpoint and the car will choose one randomly. This is esential for creating an intersection.

NOTE: If you want the car to go uphill make sure to place checkpoints with wide distances between them, otherwise the car will detect the ground and will slow down.

-----------------------------
How to create an intersection
-----------------------------
Go to Window -> CarAI -> Create intersection
Add the number of stops. This is basically the number of road connections your intersection haves.
Press spawn intersection.
Place your stops according to your intersection.
                                                                                    | 
For example, if you add three stops that means your intersection looks like this: __|__ . The stops indicate the ai if it can continue driving or stop.
You can change the amount of time (in seconds) that the light stays green.


